Add a link to drive-rs (#465)
rust-embedded/awesome-embedded-rust: README.md

## Driver crates

> For more drivers also refer to [drive-rs](https://tweedegolf.github.io/drive-rs/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also find many of these drivers [here](https://tweedegolf.github.io/drive-rs/); please consider adding your driver there (https://github.com/tweedegolf/drive-rs) while we work to port everything across.
```
As suggested by @adamgreig  in the meeting.

> You can also find many of these drivers [here](https://tweedegolf.github.io/drive-rs/); please consider adding your driver there (https://github.com/tweedegolf/drive-rs) while we work to port everything across.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also find many of these drivers [on drive-rs](https://tweedegolf.github.io/drive-rs/); please consider adding your driver there ([in the GitHub repo](https://github.com/tweedegolf/drive-rs)) while we work to port everything across.
```

as per [standard accessibility guidelines](https://webaim.org/techniques/hypertext/link_text#uninformative) you shouldn't name links "here" (e.g. important for people with screen readers)

Author: oh, good to know, thanks :) also reads much better!
